Added files for SmallBusinessRuleBundle plugin (#151)
kimai/www.kimai.org: _includes/store/liaraalis-small-business-rule-bundle.md

> This plugin provides the possibility to use the small business regulation, as it can be applied in Germany and Austria, when creating invoices in Kimai 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin provides the ability to use the small business regulation, as it can be applied in Germany and Austria, when creating invoices in Kimai.
```

Reviewer: Not sure about the "ability" va "possibility"!

More information and documentation can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/LiaraAlis/kimai2-SmallBusinessRuleBundle/blob/master/README.md).

> Please not that this plugin requires at least Kimai 2 v1.24.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please not that this plugin requires at least Kimai v1.24.0.
```
